Issue 981: test domain migration script (#1205)
cisagov/manage.get.gov: docs/operations/data_migration.md

be changed if you are dealing with different extensions. For instance, a .tar.gz could be expressed
as `--file_extension tar.gz`.

If you are using a tar.gz file, you will need to perform one additional step to extract it.
Run the following command from the same directory:
```shell
tar -xvf migrationdata/{FILE_NAME}.tar.gz -C migrationdata/ --strip-components=1
```

*FILE_NAME* - Name of the desired file, ex: exportdata

#### Manual method
If the `cat_files_into_getgov.py` script isn't working, follow these steps instead.

##### Move the desired file into the correct directory

```shell
cat ../tmp/{filename} > migrationdata/{filename}
```

*You are now ready to run migration scripts (see "Running the Migration Scripts")*

### SECTION 2 - LOCAL MIGRATION SETUP (TESTING PURPOSES ONLY)

***IMPORTANT: only use test data, to avoid publicizing PII in our public repo.***

In order to run the scripts locally, we need to add the files to a folder under `src/`.
This will allow Docker to mount the files to a container (under `/app`) for our use.  

 - Create a folder called `tmp` underneath `src/`
 - Add the above files to this folder

>  - Open a terminal and navigate to `src/`

Reviewer: This may no longer be valid, since we have the "migrationdata" folder now. Marking as a note for myself to update this

Reviewer 2: Did you two branch off of this PR? if so it should make it find to pull in

*You are now ready to run migration scripts (see "Running the Migration Scripts")*

## Transition Domains (Part 2) - Running the Migration Scripts

*NOTE: While we recommend executing the following scripts individually (Steps 1-3), migrations can also be done 'all at once' using the "Run Migration Feature" in step 4.  Use with discretion.*

### STEP 1: Load Transition Domains

Run the following command, making sure the filepaths point to the right location.  This will parse the three given files and load the information into the TransitionDomain table. (NOTE: If working in the sandbox, change "/app/tmp" to point to the sandbox directory)
```shell

> docker compose run -T app ./manage.py load_transition_domain /app/tmp/escrow_domain_contacts.daily.gov.GOV.txt /app/tmp/escrow_contacts.daily.gov.GOV.txt /app/tmp/escrow_domain_statuses.daily.gov.GOV.txt --debug

Reviewer: Same story with the command here

```shell
docker compose run -T app ./manage.py transfer_transition_domains_to_domains --debug
```

##### COMMAND LINE ARGUMENTS:

`--debug`
This will print out additional, detailed logs.

`--limitParse 100` 
Directs the script to load only the first 100 entries into the table.  You can adjust this number as needed for testing purposes.  

### STEP 3: Send Domain invitations

To send invitations for every transition domain in the transition domain table, execute the following command:
```shell
docker compose run -T app send_domain_invitations -s
```

### STEP 4: Test the results (Run the analyzer script)

This script's main function is to scan the transition domain and domain tables for any anomalies.  It produces a simple report of missing or duplicate data.  NOTE: some missing data might be expected depending on the nature of our migrations so use best judgement when evaluating the results.

#### OPTION 1 - ANALYZE ONLY

To analyze our database without running migrations, execute the script without any optional arguments:
```shell
docker compose run -T app ./manage.py master_domain_migrations --debug
```

#### OPTION 2 - RUN MIGRATIONS FEATURE

> To run the migrations again (all above migration steps) before analyzing, execute the following command (read the documentation on the terminal arguments below.  Everything used by the migration scripts can also be passed into this script and will have the same effects).  NOTE: --debug and --prompt allow you to step through the migration process and exit it after each step if you need to.  It is recommended that you use these arguments when using the --runMigrations feature:

Author: I think we should keep the --runMigrations flag and instead we could force the prompts to execute unless disabled (for integration testing purposes).  This might be out of scope for the current ticket, so I will bring up to Alysia to include in a separate ticket.

```shell
docker compose run -T app ./manage.py master_domain_migrations --runMigrations --debug --prompt
```

##### COMMAND LINE ARGUMENTS

`--runMigrations`

> A boolean (default to true), which triggers running

Reviewer 2: 100 percent agree with neil here

> A boolean (default to true), which triggers running

Reviewer 3: **comment (blocking)**: It looks like the option was changed in the script to default to False, but this needs to be consistent.

> A boolean (default to true), which triggers running

Author: This option was never changed.  I think my documentation is just confusing.  I was trying to say that instead of having to type "--runMigrations True" the user could just type "--runMigrations" and it would default to true.  I will update the documentation to be less confusing

all scripts (in sequence) for transition domain migrations

`--migrationDirectory`

The location of the files used for load_transition_domain migration script.

> (default is "migrationData" (This is the sandbox directory))

Reviewer 3: **question (blocking)**:Can we please make the documentation match the script?

```

*FILE_NAME* - Name of the desired file, ex: exportdata

#### Manual method
If the `cat_files_into_getgov.py` script isn't working, follow these steps instead.

##### Move the desired file into the correct directory

```shell
cat ../tmp/{filename} > migrationdata/{filename}
```

*You are now ready to run migration scripts (see [Running the Migration Scripts](running-the-migration-scripts))*

### SECTION 2 - LOCAL MIGRATION SETUP (TESTING PURPOSES ONLY)

***IMPORTANT: only use test data, to avoid publicizing PII in our public repo.***

In order to run the scripts locally, we need to add the files to a folder under `src/`.
This will allow Docker to mount the files to a container (under `/app`) for our use.  

 - Add the above files to the `migrationdata/` folder
 - Open a terminal and navigate to `src/`

*You are now ready to run migration scripts.*

## Transition Domains (Part 2) - Running the Migration Scripts

### STEP 1: Load Transition Domains

Run the following command, making sure the file paths point to the right location.  This will parse the three given files and load the information into the TransitionDomain table. 

> (NOTE: If working in cloud.gov, change "/app/tmp" to point to the `migrationdata/` directory and remove "./manage.py" from the command)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
(NOTE: If working in cloud.gov, change "/app/tmp" to point to the `migrationdata/` directory and remove "docker compose run -T app" from the command)
```
